c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp3.dll
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp3.pdb
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp3_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\PhoneApp3.g.resources
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\PhoneApp3.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\PhoneApp3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\PhoneApp3.dll
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\PhoneApp3.pdb
c:\users\krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\Krishna\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp3\PhoneApp3\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
